Update JavaScript guide (#27)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/javascript.md

:::

::: info

This guide targets `@iroha2/client@1.0.0` & `@iroha/data-model@1.0.0`.

:::

## 2. Configuring Iroha 2

> The JavaScript Client is fairly low-level in the sense that it doesn’t expose any convenience features like a `TransactionBuilder` or a `ConfigBuilder`. Work on implementing those is underway, and these features will very likely be available with the second round of this tutorial’s release. Thus, on the plus side: configuration of the client is simple, on the negative side you have to prepare a lot is done manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript Client is fairly low-level in the sense that it doesn’t expose any convenience features like a `TransactionBuilder` or a `ConfigBuilder`. Work on implementing those is underway, and these features will very likely be available with the second round of this tutorial’s release. Thus, on the plus side: configuration of the client is simple, on the downside you have to prepare a lot manually.
```

> Specifically, we have `AssetValueType::Quantity` which is effectively an unsigned 32-bit integer, a `BigQuantity` which is an unsigned 128 bit integer, which is enough to trade all possible IPV6 addresses, and quite possibly individual grains of sand on the surface of the earth and `Fixed`, which is a positive (though signed) 64-bit fixed-precision number with nine significant digits after the decimal point. It doesn't quite use binary-coded decimal for performance reasons. All three types can be registered as either **mintable** or **non-mintable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, we have `AssetValueType::Quantity` which is effectively an unsigned 32-bit integer, a `BigQuantity` thst is an unsigned 128-bit integer, which is enough to trade all possible IPV6 addresses, and quite possibly individual grains of sand on the surface of the earth, as well as `Fixed`, which is a positive (though signed) 64-bit fixed-precision number with nine significant digits after the decimal point. It doesn't quite use binary-coded decimals for performance reasons. All three types can be registered as either **mintable** or **non-mintable**.
```
